hi and welcome to premier wine spirits
today the story of bourbon bourbon is a
great story because it's an American
story it's a hundred percent american
made the style the character flavor
all-american so much so that 1964
congress actually passed an act saying
that any product label bourbon had to be
made here in america so the word bourbon
comes from an area in kentucky called
old bourbon dating back to 1700s so the
farmers in this area to prevent spoilage
of their main crop corn used the extra
corn to become part time distillers one
of these farmers Abraham Lincoln and his
father lived on a farm and an area
called knob creek Jim Beam to pay homage
to this area and Abraham Lincoln named
his first and most successful
small-batch bourbon knob creek another
great pioneer farmer and minister
actually was Elijah Craig Elijah Craig's
claim the famous he was the first one
credited putting the distilled spirit
into charred oak American barrels giving
bourbon nail its distinctive color and
flavor so let's try a little bourbon and
tell another great story Johnny John as
legend has it Johnny ran away from home
at the start of the Civil War and joined
the Union Army he became the drummer boy
later after the war he was granted some
land in Kentucky and some corn grits as
they were called so he was able to grow
and distill urban
150 years later we're still enjoying
Johnny drums private stock bourbon this
Bourbons got that great sweet spicy
smell of a classic bourbon and it
finishes with a sweet smoky spice so if
you like a good story you might like a
great bourbon so come down to the
premier wine spirits tell a story and
enjoy some bourbon
you